# Control panel
This is only a stub. Please expand upon it (and remove this template once you've done so).
The Guncho control panel is a web site (http://cp.guncho.com/) that is used to create and manage accounts and realms.

## Logging In

You must have a Guncho account to use the control panel. If you don't have one, you'll be able to create one from the login page. Account names must start with a letter and cannot contain spaces or some other special characters.
The control panel and the game server use the same account names and passwords. This means the name you choose when you sign up on the control panel will be visible to other players once you connect to the game. We encourage (but do not require) you to pick a pronounceable name with no numbers or punctuation: Guncho is a virtual world, not an instant messenger.

## Your Profile

After logging in, you can click the Edit Profile link at the top of the page to set a gender and description, or change your password.
The gender you set here will follow you into the game server. Realms will refer to you as "he" and "him" if male, "she" and "her" if female, or "it" if neuter.
The description you set here will also follow you into the game server, and other players will be able to see it by examining you.
Note: some realms might temporarily override your description, or even your gender, while you're there.

## The Realm List

The main page of the control panel lists all the realms that are visible to the public. Next to each realm is the name of the player who owns it.
If you have permission to view a realm's source code, you can click the View Source button to do so. You can also click View Index to view more information about the realm, generated by the Inform 7 compiler.
If you have permission to edit a realm's source code, the View Source button will change to an Edit Source button.

## Editing a Realm

### Privacy Levels
Editing Realm Access Lists

## The Index

### Compiler Output
### Contents
### Actions
### Kinds
### Phrases
### Rules
### Scenes
### World